// 10.3.2017
Hmm. This is new. Haven't lost a journal before. Also haven't had a summer like I had before. I'm going to write what I can before I go to sleep tonight, and get some of it down before I regret or forget it. A few notable (immediate) scenes and some impressions.
On the night Bayan & Shereen smoked, I was come over with a strong urge to journal, so write something love love. I ended sending that to Shereen, but not before confronting the block that kept me from writing or sleeping - the strong desire for a hug and closeness from Shereen, from anyone. I felt as alone - no, a similar kind of alone as I did that night in Kent. I eventually imagined myself hugging me, God hugging me. I felt warm and more in touch with my heart. I many times will double down and do things I shouldn't if there's someone's impression of me at stake. I use crowd pleasing to try to fill that. It doesn't, usually. Very conditional sort of feeling.
My heart is heavy from reflections and poems. I haven't written frequently enough and need that back in my life to figure out what's going on. I need to keep my story in mind.
God willing.

// 120 10.3.2017
don't rush
natural perfection
these sorts of shapes
must come from God

// more of ourselves
confusing the purpose
for something ephemeral -
it's the cycle that
we all find the
most frustrating, yet
don't realize
the loop has always
taken us farther
by revealing, slowly
more of ourselves
taking the dreams
churned and spit
back into hopes as
reality gives and takes
like tides do to the sand
we see the beach,
slowly, revealing
more of ourselves
with each loop moving
further in
and further up

// for erica
it's been a minute
we haven't talked
as much as i'd
like to, but the
excuses pile up
like that well you
tried to climb
and it just hurts you -
i don't want to
be the distant voice
that haunts you
occasionally visiting
but never home,
here in this physical
world that you inhabit
i want to be the
garden wall ivy climbs
mountain underneath forests
the silent but present
presence of support and
love in your life, but
i'm still a hill
and i get knocked down
and scattered about
sometimes
what i'm saying is
i love you
and while there is
an ocean of love there
sometimes i lose
the beach
and wander where
it is dry and desolate

// for ana
i'll keep saying,
to myself mostly,
i had to hurt you
to realize my lesson
but i really
needed someone
to speak to what
i was, instead of
what i wanted
and try so desperately
to keep
so this is an
apology for me
being so desperate  to
cling to a different
hope, and 
you are worthy of love

// to shereen
i don't know if
i can convince you
of my darker habits
and my disease
when i get weird
it's the uncertain
quagmire of anger
frustration and submission
that compels me
to free myself
as violently as i can
this was here before you
and I've been hoping you can cure it, but
some nights without you
seems to me that
i need to cure it too

//
romantic is hard
i can't try, i
just need to
understand my heart
and make the
flips it does
into poems, as
my eyes flit across
you i see my
love, my hope,
my heart, my
dream and
i see a future
paved in tests
and victories
sweet and flavorful
a life that
overflows me
and makes my
eyes waterfalls
for the spring of love
you have given me
for the new
spring you have
given my heart
with just a smile
for the bright new
nondescript and
immeasurably valuable
moments
now i cherish you
my living memory
of the first
geyser of love

// 121 10.5.2017
once again my
thoughts wander
to how it is i got
someone as effusive
as you, with love
transforming reality
into what i thought
an impossible dream


//
a cabin in
a forest on
a lake in
a valley in
September in
a dream in
a pocket of
timeless time

// greatest loss
i was afraid
this was to happen
for the wildness
to take my even-ness
for love to overtake
even my basic senses
my habits, thoughts,
dreams and desires
being sculpted like clay
why was i afraid
of love? who i've
been courting all
my short life here
their arrival should
inspire the hope that
shatters reality
and grows heaven -
maybe it was
because i forget
who i really am
sometimes, and 
losing what little
identity is what
feels like
the greatest loss

//
let's have it
nice and vulnerable
let the heart
beat in the breeze
feel every finger
of the  wind of emotion
trace its path
across your
throbbing core

// 10.11.2017
Morning after recording rough tracks and doing some curcuitous practicing. Felt some pressure to desensitize my head from Shereen and my heart still is there. I'm frustrated because I had tried something like it earlier on and it was painful and uncomfortable enough to make me disinterested in the idea of making it less sensitive for a while. I felt like I need to speed it up so that she can enjoy pleasuring me now, even though handjobs are super doing it. The problem of sensitivity keeps me from cumming by her hand since I don't know how sensitive I can get and not get hurt and inopportune times. It felt like she didn't enjoy it or is trying to enjoy it so hard but is finding it difficult to, which I know is not the case. Ifeel insecure in my desire for sex because it's wrapped in all this pain for me right now.
There ar eother places of insecurity, especially with Radio Phoenix and my music project and other things like it. I don't know if that genius can flow from me again, I don't know how to lead them right now, I don't know where to go. God is and always was the only way to get that kind of certainty.
It looks like that pulled out the stopper of confidence in my heart and let it all out on Shereen, which I don't want to have as abahit or reaction. What is confidence without the doubt of success, a hint of failure?
I accept my doubts and my fears and I resolve to use them productively in the name of God.

// 122 10.11.2017
plugged hole
keep the
insecurity in
like a mottled perfume

// 10.12.2017
So last night was pretty great. Shereen called me high and we reflected and met with the part of her that's tougher on herself. She got sobered up after a bit while we kept talking, then things got hot & heavy and we at least got Skype intimate while she was high and it was super hot.
Now we're confused on what to do next. Is it a regular? Is it a rare thing that happeens as the moment siezes on us? How will we react and change as a result of using it? I'm afraid of being dependent, of needing it to be intimate with her after getting acclimitized to how great it is to just feel her with her entirely in the moment like that because of the weed.
Am I being honest when I say that I'm okay with her choices & that she can do whatever she wants? It feels manipulative to control her life to that degree, but it's what I'm feeling right now. I don't want the feeling of confusino if I have some experience like it that it's because of some drug. Iwant my experience to be unfiltered, it feels like I'm being ungrateful to God if I do stuff like this recreationally, like I'm saying still that my life isn't good enough and I need more in order to feel complete. That's most of my own feeling.
I know me and Shereen are both givers and I know there's a way for both of us to give and feel listened to and good about our choices. Being sober is something I'm proud about and enjoy, most of the time. Shereen has a different experience than me, ans well as a different experience with sobriety. I"m going to have to trust her with it too. It's scary too.
