// 10.19.2017
Always back to the breath. Warming up, focus on feeling nervous when I'm nervous and breathing through it, loosening up my wrists and saying prayers in my heart really helped. 9 hours of sleep also significantly helps mood and focus. I love Shereen, I love my family. My life is happening and I'm here. It's good.

// 126 10.19.2017
i wonder if i
can turn the things
that dance across my ceiling
at 3 in the morning,
the things that
dance in my mind
playing against the eyelids
like a drive-in movie,
into reality
i wonder what
words it will take
to summon and
describe their impishness
to capture without
sticking them like butterflies
against my ceiling
at 3 am

//
melody dances
across the heart
open to pain, and
experiencing more of joy

// 10.20.2017
What is my heart thinking of? It's been on something since Mod. Something about being seen, that there was something in my history and upbringing that taught me to not want being seen, to have deference be the default, rather than intention. I was feeling weird about the cheese, and specifically about a feeling of being wrong and too stubborn to admit it. I would much be in this empty house than masturbate. I've had doubts about Shereen today. It took me more time than normal to bring up why I love her. I'm nervous about money. The car is finally out of the shop which means my money can start moving again. I want to do bicentenary stuff, but that's tomorrow. God willing. I need to warm up.
What if I never to to her again? What of my life would change? Am I only seeing the impacts on time and changing priorities she and we inevitably will have on my life? What am I scared of losing? My career must be in question again. My sight is clouded, so everything is in question again. I also need to start on those interview things to scope out the scene and get more ideas of where to live.
There seems to be a pattern of deference, because I still forget what it is that I want from my life. With that lost, things fall apart. I can, in fact, do it. It is possible, but my beliefs waver. My confidences shake when I don't spend my times at my different altars.
Good thoughts.

// 127 10.20.2017
a poem
for the night
cocooned in rain
and moon light

//
spending time for
not just tributes
but the occasional visit
from the ethereal muse
