// 10.24.2017
Today was discussions on the last day of NWEA, Minikorg, Shereen's big test,and a sense of authority given to me by me. I feel confident again. What brought this about besides of a lot of work and reductions in stress?
My beats have been sounding better, I've seen my capacities increase and skills sharpen, while they're still not close to done, they're much closer than they have been in the past.
I feel bad about not being in spots to give gifts often. To Dad, Erica, etc. It feels bad to have gift giving come up as a surprise. How do I get more conscious about it?
Overall a good day. Exciting things coming up. God willing.

// 128 10.24.2017
your mind is
a velour nap
wrapped in safety

//
my heart holds
no doubt, no room
for faltering, I
at least, outside
of what I'm
currently faltering in

// 129 10.27.2017
the hints that
i'm on paths i
wanted to tread
comes in fits
after i've expected

// 130 10.28.2017
an obligatory part
of my own practice
includes the retreat
into solitude in myself
so I can find some
peace of mind, out here
in the world forgetful
and less inclined to feel

//
sometimes it's better
to say very little

// happy birthday dad
more important than
"you mean a lot to me" -
you mean more to me
as life is showing its
tests and challenges
trials and victories
stories written in bone
and structures in our lives
you stand out in sharper relief
by the softer and wiser you've been
despite life waiting
to be taken for granted
i love you,
you are a wonderful father
and many times I think
the perfect one for me

//
who knew truthfully
that love could bear
fruits like these?
that time would hide
inside and find
a hope and desire
and dreams like these?
not me, not me
i wandered
and wondered what
would wait on this
side of a new adventure

//
why do i love you?
is a question of
understanding, not
judgement, my
mind is wont to
forget the details
of the ghosts it chases
and the thrills it's needed

//
I love Shereen because:
	- her heart is kind
	- "" to me
	- she is trustworthy
	- she is worthy of my trust
	- she is wise to the world
	- she has a purifying heart
	- she has a wonderful laugh
	- she has enchanting eyes
	- her shape brings me hope
	- she values friendships as much as I do and treats them like real life-sustaining relationships
	- she heals me in ways I'd thought would never be healed
	- she cares for me in ways I never thought I'd be cared for
	- she enjoys my company
	- I enjoy her company
	- she is my trusted friend
	- she explores life and feeds her curiosities, which works with my sometimes reluctance to go out and "do"
	- she enjoys solitude
	- she parties as much as me
	- dreams with her bring me hope and a desire to be better to her and for her
	- she is a good overall influence in my life
	- she is deserving and grateful of/ for love
	- I can help her with some things
	- she can help me with other things
	- she is wise to her heart
	- she is close to Baha'ullah
	- she is close with her spirit
	- she is close with her body
	- she is confident in what she wants and isn't afraid to sacrifice and work hard to get it
	- she accepts all of me, for who I am and not for who I try to present

// to erica 10.30.2017
i'm due another poem
about how much i love you
and how when i see the moon
i'm reminded of your radiance
life is short with us sometimes
and while i wish you
didn't have to face these kinds of
things taking you relentlessly
you are always aided beyond
and you are always loved
in the exact proportion
to what you need to grow
so i love you,
and the verse in the quran
about returning home
and how you are always at home
and welcome to my heart

// 131 11.3.2017
my loves are my garden
flowers i need to water
and enjoy seeing to grow
by the force of selflessness
i hope one day
i can sit in a garden
and disappear among roses
a proud caretaker to his garden

// sriracha
i judge myself
when i don't grab sriracha
like my food has never
needed another spice
like my stomach has never
been half full on half price food
and i'm with people
where it's the case
i might even envy
the home they've found
in their own heart
for this reminder of their grit

//
it's quite a thought
that there is nothing
besides the determination
and attractions of reality
from planets to countries
to people and communities
and even the  atoms cling
like Majnun would to Layli

// 11.6.2017
Many words I want to think about. Decisions and the like. What does it mean to be only with Shereen for the rest of my life? She would be the only person I would ever be with, sexually. Do I understand the weight of that? Do I know what that means to me? What about it am I still considering or asking myself - how is it that I keep finding room there to say "if" we get married? I've not spent much time alone to reflect for it's own take, so I haven't had time to be with my convictions. That's not entirely it. I haven't had time to be with my convictions. That's not entirely it. I haven't had time to be with the promise I would need to make to her stomach and her legs. Would I  be ready to love them too? What keeps me from loving them as much as I love Shereen?
There's the aesthetic taste that I have to different body types to hers, mostly (regrettably) thinner types. Expectation of firm, smooth thighs and smooth stomach & butt. It's the cellulite that I haven't been with very much. I don't right now have much of a taste for it, I've been conditioned not to expect it- that's okay, that means I can condition myself the other way. I'm firmly of the mind that I won't wait for perfect. It will never come. I will strive to see it instead, that way it's always there in stead supply. I want my eyes to overflow with desire for Shereen's body, because my heart already wants me to serve her and give her pleasure for eternity. That's there.
Then again; the argument for "settling" is there. To which I say -
"God has given me tests. He has given me patience and inner vision and the time to consider my decisions and reality."
"My heart refuses to sever itself from Shereen, she is much too bright a light to ignore. At the same time, I can't ignore the appetites of my body. I cannot ignore the habits of my mind. They will inform me as much as I need them for and not constrain me to making poor decisions. I will marry Shereen Khorami. She is the love of my life.
My experience becoming and continuing to become worthy of her love and worthy to give her love will define and refine my life into something worth living and enjoying."
"It's maddening to think there is someone better than who you are already happy with now, out there, waiting to be found. They cannot and will never exist, for the simple reason that they are different than who you're with now. The tests will change, some will get easier and some harder. It's more about finding something good in them and clinging to it, seeing with full eyes who it is that God put into your life. Enjoy it, be wise. Love will guide you."

// 11.11.2017
Today was the day I touched Abdu'l-Baha's prayer beads and felt indelibly connected to my own history.
Sheida, Annie and I all hung out today in Silverton at this nice coffee shop. I'm super happy we got together, it was a nice and relaxed day.
Before that, I dropped my car off at Sheida's and we were going to get some errands before we were to head south. We went to Wilma's house, an older Baha'i that had a fall, and Sheida was looking after her house and pets. I had heard some stories of hers' and Sheida's friendship, but this was the first time being at her place. Sheida fed both pets and was about to leave before she asked me if I wanted to see something special. I followed her into Wilma's room and she turned and pointed at a little red snap case about the size of a hard-shell eyeglasses case. She said it had Abdu'l-Baha's prayer beads in them, and she opened the case.
They were red, mahogany and rust ordinary-looking beads that had a few ornaments and tassels but nothing that looked extraordinary. As I worked them through with my hands, I found myself repeatedly asking if they were real. The more she assured me, the more slowly I worked them through, and the more I started to tear up.
A living part of history. A man, long dead, that had such a positive impact on my life. I fear to imagine my life without that influence. His prayer beads were in my hand. It was a lot. Just me and the beads. His prayer beads. My life's light, shone through him and guided me to so many good places. His prayer beads. Sheida walked the pets and I found myself looking over the library and reading a study guide for the Iquan. I needed to know more about the Faith.
Later on, we were in a church and I played my feelings in tribute to His memory. I started crying later also because of my other realization that He's also part of the reason so many blessings have been descending in my life. I cried for gratitude. My heart is only a channel. I am much smaller than the forces I direct and communicate with. God is the one responsible for the good things in my life. My hope is that I can continue to be worthy of receiving such amazing bounties on a daily basis.
God is great.

// 132 11.11.2017
your face is celestial
my captive wonder at
the dancing heavenly bodies
that made your heavenly form
is exactly how i picture
the poets in the older days
would feel about love
about this eternal and
infinite source of love
you keep reminding me
of how long and bright
the stars shine

// prayer beads
i touched you
without time
without distance
it felt close

// 133 11.12.2017
sprinkling now
in this part of the park
muddy gold leaves
washed out oaks
chained, curious dogs
on the other side
of all these fences
enclosing nature

//
this moss-laden tree
browns faded and discolored
greys like little mirrors
of the opaque grey sky
guards its leaves, golden
having fallen for the season
waiting for the spring to return

//
it's so different
understanding the
pain of sacrifice
opposed to joy
nature is always
sacrificing itself
without losing
changing, despite solidarity
maybe it's when
we get attached
to smoke and mirrors
and fear them leaving
maybe it's that
kind of stoic patience
that makes sacrifice
joyful

//
i only reflect

//
hearing your voice
reminds me of
so many chambers
of memory and
time that I
go exploring with
each new call

//
talent is kindling
you still need to
light that fire
in order to get started

// sheida
a radiant
comforting by way of
learning how to console
by nearness of business
soft eyes brimming
with cautious kindness
patience born out of
a fierce, old love

// annie
endlessly curious
accepting, an old soul
finding truth anywhere
despite even the distance
of time

//
you came back
so quickly, it
seemed the journey
would have been farther
but maybe here
comes the part of travel
where you go deep
and not so much far

//
you bless the ink
with hairlike scrawls
of dreams immortal
and pictured in metaphor

//
i wonder what peace
exists on the road
off to the side
of a major roadway
what holy and sanctified
non-descript nature
exists, while traveling
waiting to be admired

//
i remember what i see,
i think it's the
forgetting of my story
the scrambling of the notes
and pictures from the
strange, ever-new
scrapbook
i'm making with me

// curious
stacking your vertebrae -
is there significance?
does your spine change
your soul?
