//
all things in moderation
i say one thing
while the other thing
is just as true
it seems i'm just
picking the side -
at random, it seems -
of what truth i believe

// what does this mean
joy is infinite
the connection is
finite, as long
as your are finite

//
this person, once
a tree, once,
an animal, once,
a mineral, once
space dust spinning
in the space
between attractions

// 134 11.13.2017
meeting obligation
as an adventure
is something you only
realize has happened
rather than feeling
the slow shift
to the ordinary
beautiful things in life

//
my God is gracious,
it seems, too gracious
for me to understand
how these things move
how the tests and
resources of spirit
are distributed
throughout the world
i'm just a point
in a lattice of
human relationships
i did not deserve
i've been allowed to have
or something like it
"be generous in prosperity
and thankful
in adversity"

// 135 11.16.2017
i'm said i'd
have words for you
and just a few
to say what i heard -
when you consoled me
your face was a lamp
of "guide the lost" and
"help the wayward",
such a healing light
that your beautiful face
will bring to so many
and has already done
miracles on this
hapless and
wayward soul

//
so much work
and so little
ends up
being done

// 11.22.2017
Feels like I need to write some words. I want to reflect before I move into this next room of my life I'm certain the direction I move now is the one I want to take, now is the point where it all gets cemented, where and when the words at the end of this chapter of my life and the beginning of the wonderful next.
What are we asking for? Support and consent to support us being together and moving into this new and beautiful time in our life. We are asking for their wisdom, which we've already been benefiting from, and their blessing to continue this and yeah. It's big. Blessing seemed to be the word, the idea. This is more than consent to support us being together, and getting married, this is asking for their blessing and their wish for us to be together.
I know that they want the best for me and Shereen, and whatever happens, I accept. I guess I'm asking God now for the fortitude and for my parents to have whatever spiritual clarity they need to make their decision.
It's all in God's hands.

// 11.27.2017
Round 2. First round went well. Now I'm leading and describing why it is that I'm marrying Shereen to her parents.
	- 15 minutes feel like 5
	- we express love regularly to one another
	- we take time to understand each other's positions, even if we don't agree
	- consultation is the default
	- we are patient with each other
	- we love to give joy to each other
	- we remind each other to receive joy as well
	- we spend time preparing for the future
	- we ask for help from one another and others when we need it
	- she is magnanimous (thank parents)
	- she is kind (thank parents)
	- she is keen and self-sacrificing
	- she is present with herself and many other people
	- her friends are amazing people, they are a reflection of her and how she's raised to value people (thank parents)
	- we support each other in reaching our goals and aspirations
	- we take time to we need for ourselves so we can better love the other
So I wanted to come and honor her parents, and show my gratefulness that she exists and my respect for you both. I would very much like to be with her, and without your support, we are missing half of what we need to have a successful next step.
I would like for your consent & blessing to be married to her.

// 11.30.2017
Wow. Intimacy based in connection is honest to God magic. I'm happy and incredibly blessed to be with someone like Shereen, who's so wonderful to connect with, and is so loving and willing to make sure we're both turned in to each other.
We have consent! Now's for dates & all the logistics of the wedding. Going to be over for a week and then to ISGP (none of the peeps I've talked with, but that's okay, don't need to find best friends everywhere).
Internship at NWEA is wrapping up, I've been writing documentation for most of the week which has been helpful for clarification and reliability.
I've been more drivin, mostly because of the date of the wedding. I want to be ready for it, I'm super excited too! It will be a perfect day.. It's nice to have a strong reason to love.
Hodoh reshokr, thank God.
In the name of love.

// 12.13.2017
It's been a minute, what's been on since then?
Good talk w/ Mitch & Dave (?) @ Tripwire. Excited for the rotation there.
Rocky (for a bit) with intimacy but as always we get vulnerable and make the other feel safe & we end up enjoying it all the same. I love Shereen. Got to tell Daniel, Charles, Karol etc about the happy days. Learned the A section to Jazz Crimes, re-learning all of the Chopin piece.
I feel ready and not for the next sprint of classes. It swaps and changes depending on my energy level. I'm noticing that I'm doing way more prep and hurried just-in-case prep because of my fear of the  workload. I am vulnerable. I am hardworking and intelligent, I have the capacity to do this. God willing I do.

// 135 12.3.2017
i'm hinting i'll fail
with each preparation
i oscillate between
impossibly ready, and
the inevitable fall
from expectations
to fear and dread
watching my creation crumble

// ???
my life is scurried
in the margins
of borrowed notebooks
scattered about an empty room

// insp. jim carrey
my name is
someone's joy
the reason they
awaken smiling
my name is
something bringing
this sense of
apprehension and
uncertainty
my name is
something bringing
familiarity,
easily found after time
my name is
my bucket
that other people
fill with meanings

//
what is a
measured preparation
from someone with
histories of fretting?
of obsessing over details
until their life
supercedes your own
and you are disorder?

//
a pile of audio
books collected
from a library
too small to keep
dreams of one
long highway, when
they come out
and come alive

//
i dream of a
black night that
passes like a comma,
