// 1.4.18
I want to address feelings keeping me from writing in this journal, and feelings keeping me from marketing myself honestly.
I felt weird before ISGP Year 3 finishing the green notebook, knowing that this one would be next. Why? I think it was a physical token of why it was that Ana's and my relationship was so weird to navigate when Shereen became the focus of my life. Like, the ambiguous caregiver psudofriend role I gave myself when I found out she was serving & depressed. And a lot else. I don't know. Maybe it's pulling at that assurance that I give myself that I want to love Shereen, especially when stuff gets hard or I feel distant. The assurance has held regardless, I think it was the fear of knowing something that would jeopardize Shereen's, and my happiness. Knowing that there were unresolved feelings that I was more interested in capitalizing on scared me more than anything.
The past few days/ weeks/ months have been beyond magical. For reasons I've already said, I wouldn't doubt it. But last night, I opened up entirely about the all-encompassing lonliness& frustration at my situation that I had experienced while growing up. Irealized how lonely I had truly felt, in contrast to how Shereen treats me & makes me feel heard. I realized also that she's perfectly suited to reach to mean in that profoundly lonely space & remind me what God's love feels like on a daily basis. I love her, truly & deeply, & she is the love that defines my life. In this context, any and all assurances I could try to give myself just pale in comparison.
Now this is a journal again, & I know I've not been journaling recently because of the loveliness of loving Shereen. I realized as Shereen was calling the NESH secretary that I don't do as aggressive or as clear a job at marketing myself as I know I'll need for the most fear months. I need something either more confident or projecting the aim of more confidence as I move or less push myself as a product with little to no market experience.
My window of value is written a three-to-four week window. Meaning that if I don't play or do something in that time or accomplish something related to it, I'm not considering it in the equation of my value to other professionals. This is good for growth, & for the woodshed, what I need another mentality for the market.
One approach has me constantly re-assessing was valuable aspects as a product & adopting something closer to my own salesman approach. What's another way, closer to the writings?

"The source of courage & power is the promotion of the Word of God & steadfastness in his love." Baha'u'llah
Looking at bahai-library.com/EQUALS or something similar.
1. Power (promote Word of God)
2. Ethics (is this right? ...)
3. Contributions to future
	pendulum of detachment & wordly growth; $$ is means to end of world unity & Cause of God
-> I want to design & work on software/ technology that ensures the happiness of the human race, & whatever tech I use or learn along that path is means to that end
-> I want to make uplifting music to educate/ elevate music happening everywhere
Which means I have discrete goals that have more definition than "work" or "play".
And so on, God Willing.
