// 9.11.2017
Yeah, so this one is going to be more real, huh? On the Thinkpad right now, feeling like reflecting but also don't know how apt I'll be at succinctly describing anything significant from the most monumental summer of my life.
I want to start out with the weekend, mostly getting it down so that I can remember it at some other point. Thursday to Sunday night, with the moment that made me feel that much more ready for what it is I thing that I'm doing with this whole marriage thing. It's a trip.
Thursday night I left around 6, and sampled a book 'Thinking Fast and Slow' on tape. I took 30 west and connected back north to I5, and it was super scenic. Got pulled over and given a warning for speeding. It was super scary, but at that point I was already at 'how am I going to pay this ticket' rather than 'I can't believe this is happening to me right now'.
Right about when traffic started to hit I really wanted to crash at Daniel's, even if for a little bit. It felt good to be able to make the promise of hanging out a little more real. We caught up for a bit, he's doing some art maybe when he can get his MacBook his grandparents gave him to work. I brought him the audio interface since that was something I wanted to show at least a little support to him for. It was nice, then I was off to Shereen's.
Seeing her was just as exciting as I thought it was going to be. We got to her place and started talking and relating on the day. Spaghetti happened and there was this fun moment. She noticed I wasn't still entirely there, and I usually need time to "arrive" after a trip because it feels like part of me is still on the road for whatever reason. Probably something to do with a parasympathetic or sympathetic nervous system thing that Shereen knows way more about. Regardless, she noticed and I started going on about not feeling in it and wanting to go to sleep. She brought up something her doctor had said about not tempting me farther than I wanted to go with intimacy and sex, and I promptly was all "no, now is the time for sleep joonam let's do this tomorrow morning". We went to our beds and I was about to get in and pass out before I realized I was in fact a dumbass and went back into her room to talk about it. We got vulnerable about it and talked for a few hours. We fell asleep in each others' arms, which was suuuper nice and I went back to my bed around 3 AM.
The next morning, I had forgotten to turn off my alarm, so I was up at the normal 9:35 to do absolutely nothing. She was already awake and came over a little after when she heard the alarm go off. We talked some more about the day and wanting to be at least a little bit on our respective hustles. We went out to the patio and meditated for a bit, and gave each other back massages. That was super nice, we both talked about our own experiences. I forgot specifics. I do remember that I brought up that I had a knot of anger in my heart. It's probably somewhere in the other journal, but I realized that I needed to practice regularly in order to feel like I was sincere in my desire to progress as a musician. Among other things. I realized I need more pie, in terms of my time being divided among different things. If I had another 8 hours of the day I would easily fill it and still not feel satisfied.
Shereen made spaghetti and we sat together and prayed. Earlier that morning, or some other morning, I had brought up my fear that there would be a time where I would make her feel unattractive by the way that I was, and I didn't want to accept the fact that my appetites were different than the body that she is in. I don't know how it was connected, but that was an important moment. Shereen said a prayer for husbands at the table, and tha reality hit me like a brick. It was beyond anything I was ever feeling that someone would of their own volition pray for me like that. It was beyond moving.
I don't know when it was, maybe it was after my comments about attraction. She had to leave the room and come back after processing that and sitting with herself, as did I. There was a point where I was on my back, looking at her back. She was sitting up, back straight in meditation and singing to herself. My hand was on her spine, I could feel every vibration in her body, it felt like. I have felt connected on that level only a few times in my life, and it was my moment to acknowledge where I was and who I was with and what we could make together. I knew what happy hum that rang through her body and into mine that gave me joy, and I knew that joy was hard to come by if I kept at trying to lead so many lives and not sure which one to pick. I knew who I wanted to love, and why, and it was a quiet moment.
Later that day with the prayers we saw Rochelle and Aref. We ate at a Mongolian (was it Mongolian? Kinda looked Chinese on the menu, but...?) hotpot resturaunt and I felt the beginnings of the poorness impostor syndrome walking in. We had a good time, I was doing my best to vibe with Aref, and I don't think it was too bad, I think I just had a different expectation of how close I was wanting to get with him. Who knows, it could change with time. Definitely was vibing with imposter syndrome, and he was starting to represent that other side of the impostor syndrome, the person that had made it on some level, so that also played into it a bit. They went to Soul Food after that, and Shereen and I went to Guitar Center to get at least a little bit of keyboard time in for the day. I got to play a Nord Stage EX! It was super fun and the sounds were all amazing. Played a few songs for her, which was nice. I was cold, which didn't play into it too well, but there was enough there and I wasn't sitting down to get actually warm, so it was okay.
That night was actually decently early since we had spent the other morning talking so late, so a solid 9 was sitting on my plate when Saturday came. That night was the date with her family, which went pretty well. It was at the Cactus and was pretty ritzy Mexican food. More impostor syndrome, more vibind on it and continuing to attempt to have a good time regardless.
Sunday morning was some super adorable conversations and prayers. I still (was pretending or not? I'm pretty sure I know the difference between a nectarine and a peach, but it's fun to play and also I was super not actually able to tell that morning) was having trouble distinguishing between nectarines and peaches and it didn't help that she cut up a plate of both and served them to me, one pretty tart and the other sweeter. It was a test right out of the Old Testament. She made a delicious oatmeal and we kept napping in her bed. That afternoon was boating and we ended up chilling at her parent's place for a bit and eating linner there. Had the Dad conversation, met Harley, played some music on a Yamaha that was barely touched and a touch sensitive Casio (? maybe, it was super small 66 key rooty tooter). That morning actually was more talking about the ring and wedding situation, which was good. We didn't get to do as much wedding planning as we had said we wanted to that weekend, but there's always time. We got to more important things first.
The drive back was super nice because we both got to unpack the weekend and go through the workbork which also brought up more really good conversation. I love Shereen. Made it home safe and happy much quicker than I had expected. Got 9 hours for the next day, it was super nice.
Also I got to give Shereen a few hickies. That was fun.
