/t/ 7.31.2017
The morning after paradise.
Pretty amazing, I'm going to pretty much enshrine last week forever as "The best hands down". Today is back to a new normal, a new base for something (hopefully) wonderfully new (God willing).
I'm wanting to break out of whatever it is that makes me feel childish or needing of paternal protection. Interesting, I want to react to what brought it up. Shereen's conversations with Mom and Dad? This dynamic might change as I get closer and visit with Shereen's family, we've been super close to my own family recently. It also could be the feast of inadequacy and inexperience thing coming up again. Dad wants me to live on my own for a year, learn whatever it is I need to learn. That gives me the feeling like I need to move across the country without support and make it on my own to prove myself to everyone. Interesting. How can I harness this energy?
I've lived outside of the house, at least for a bit. I think the difference here is that I need to live on my own and supporting myself, financially, before attempting any kind of cohabitation thing. That feels like the major block for me, right now. If Shereen asked me in this moment, I would cite that as being the reason for my hesitancy. What do I need to accomplish or accept in order to resolve this hesitation?
	- Planning out beach trip costs
	- Planning out road trip needs
		- make itinerary - 60-90deg F
		- road? fly? staying where?
	- Planning out or plotting possible job options in Kirkland area
	- Capstone req's
	- Repair req's
	- Insuring computer? Later, when it is a bigger part of income
	- Making little money pots for the many trips I'll make north
	- Little money pots for other emergency things
	- Budgeting? Find something reliable
And so on. The goal is clear, now to clear the way.
What remains in my way is fear, and I will listen. It will not stop me, but it can guide me to some new understanding. God willing, god willing.

// 23 7.31.2017
morning after
the universe
made a knot
and tied love in
time, stopped
yet going exactly
as fast as can
be enjoyed

//
my work remains
for my own hands
resolving these worn
tried tests
so that by
touch I may
know the
fruits of life

// 8.3.2017
Passive aggressiveness comes from repeatedly not expressing things that I want to express, annoyances or problems I see in a person. They are poisonous, and I should keep vigilant because they can become habit. As a medicine, they give me new ways to improve, and a renewed imperative to be patient with people.
For the months and weeks ahead, it feels like I'm tearing up a lot of what I thought I had planned. Plans are disposable, but promises are not.
I want to live out on my own, near Shereen, and I want to keep making music for however long and however feasible it is. I don't know. That doesn't seem (genuous?) like what I want to actually do. I just want to do music and be with Shereen, and do anything else it is that I need to do to save up and be a productive and generous member of society.
Shereen is influencing me, and she's entitled to that. I'm letting her in. What I'm not as much on board with is the new waves of emotions and goals and aspirations that it all now brings. Can be very easy to become passive-aggressive on that front. I'm more upset that I couldn't bake up a 5 year plan and just do it. Life had to go and happen! The planner is frustrated, but also the planner is like 5, so I need to be patient with it as well. The delicate equilibrium of life has been shifted, for the better, but I still have work to do to set more of it out and connect the many dots that need connecting so that it can all work. I also should consider sacrifice, in the name of live, lower things for higher things. In the name of God.

// 8.3.2017
I'm uncomfortable. Indigestion, or bigger? I don't feel like a computer scientist, software engineer, any of that. What am I supposed to do or be for that to be okay? I feel stretched, like I need another summer to prepare for the next year. I feel unprepared musically since I haven't been practicing for a stint. I feel unprepared CS-wise because I haven't started a new project in the longest time. I feel unprepared socially because I still haven't researched living options or job opportunities. It's uncomfortable. I, God willing, will make it out alive. I have the resources available to make it out and survive. What else is it that I'm vulnerable on? (What isn't?)
Vulnerable is a hiding word, as I see it now. It means weakness, something to protect, shameful sometimes. These are the roots of true courage, though, accepting them and incorporating them into who I am.
Is my heart ready to take tomorrow? God give me the strength. I'm tired and I need some good rest.
I'm going to write Shereen my heart, because she deserves it.

// 24 8.3.2017
a grain of sand
red smoggy sun
caked in afternoon
slumbering on hilltops

// vulnerable
tagged at
the end,
I feel
life is
a series of
commas I string
together as I
try to wander,
try to piece
what it is
I'm supposed
to do,
what's in
my heart
doesn't grow
any foggier,
it's just
that I keep
wandering in
this reality
I don't recognize
and don't
know how to shape
to bring my heart
out of my safe chest

// not suicide i swear
who would even
know or care?
I would disappear
like I do on
weekends, just
this time to
another state
for a while

//
focus is
lost in my life,
I just blinked -
what was I
looking for?

//
maybe I should
in act out my
own self, truly
live in the world
even through the
fear

//
this is my disease
too shy to admit
this likely phenomenon
rests here, too
near and dear
to the habits I form
to be considered
worthy enough to be cared
or had enough to care
cheer up!
up is warped
my sense of reality is
just as it always is
but you still
exist and love
so take charge
of the only
thing you're
given here:
time and
energy
