
God gave me the strength. I'm slowly climbing the mountain of exhaustion, and am more often than not finding myself elated and spontaneously giddy at the fact that the wonderful and radiant and patient and kind Shereen Khorami is interested in me and I her. That we've seen each others' hearts and have found more to love, that support and affection came natural when we live what wild dream that paced us here, together. (In a manner of speaking.)
Shereen was at a wedding and visiting family, soon ABS and adventures at home. Me and Erica got back last night from Philomath, and I kinda wanna ride some of these emotions for a bit.
Our original pretense for going was a family trip, but health got away from Simon and only the 2 of us Ana went south. We rolled into a youth intensive and I got to visit with some old friends.
I forgot how much I've come to value time alone and with company I choose to keep. This last weekend was super exhausting for the same reasons parties and 2013-2014 was super exhausting. I was not where I thought I wanted to be, and certainly not where I was needed. I did get some good poems out of it, but on another journal. I had cussed in front of Justice's & Chase's dad and got chewed out for it. Still mad & frustrated about it because I felt justified in my choice to use it, but I still didn't get any apology for going off or someone that was tired and frustrated. Suburbia as hell. I'm not moving back. Not sure what else there is, though. Certainly not restrained speech. Fuck that.
Depression brings distraction in me. Anger purchased in silence and politeness, with no affirming or sympathetic voice. Some confident, at least. I acknowledge my upbringing, and wish to learn from it however it is possible to learn from it. Food & sleep are important. Safety & a locked door are important. Loved ones are always important. A feeling of solitude is important.
I love Shereen!

// 25 8.7.2017
why is
being naked
mean so much
why is the
bareness of it,
the air of it
why does it
have to be a
midnight secret
or admission
when we need
to feel dear

//
to shake faith
or to grow it -
why did God
give free will?

// 8.8.2017
Thoughts about vulnerabilities I should expose them more often, Shereen is brave enough to, I should as well. Honestly confronting this is better than not.
Here is, in writing, my feeling on Shereen's appearance.
She is beautiful, obviously. It's not as much the porn ideal, but every photo, every moment is me discovering a new thing to love. She has curves, more than I had appreciated before, but I don't know. I want to love her and I do, I want her to feel confident and accepting of her body, and I don't want to be in denial about anything. It feels like she should be beauty, she is beauty. That Shereen in a different package isn't the same, that Shereen is Shereen is beautiful.
There is a doubt, that this is me convincing my heart so I don't feel bad for anything. Like this is an elaborate I've to get Shereen to lose weight. That's not worth living. What instead?
I would appreciate it, to be frank. But I'm still attracted to her regardless. Whatever decisions she makes with her temple, I am in love with - that's not true. I'm convinced that I'm in love with Shereen. Everyone has bad angle,s but this is different. It's the radiance I'm after, the person that's in charge and accepting of their body and their life, and to some degree attracted to me. I want Shereen to be confident, I love her because she is confident. I love whatever choice she makes out of confidence, easily. That's not hard. I then have the rest of the work - I love every choice also that she doesn't make out of confidence also. That's a promise. I love Shereen is more than any of that. That's my goal, that's the life I want to live with her.
Therefore I love every roll. Therefore I love every mark, every blemish. Her signs of God are obvious, and her temple is testament to that. She is on every level beautiful, then, and what she does is her decision and my honor.
I love Shereen, I love her excitement, I love her responsibility and sensitivity, I love her willing nature to empathize and live with sorrow to help others, I love her curiosity and bravery, I love her confidence, I love her decisiveness despite doubt, I love her ability to listen when things are easy and when they are hard.
I love Shereen.
And this means I love others differently as well. Patience, generosity, acceptance. This is my determination to make love a consistent force in my life, and life lives in those around me.
What does it mean?

// 26 8.8.2017
my heart learned
how to listen by
not being listened to
and following the
sweet relief
others gave as they
gradually taught
this worried mind

//
"I love you"
is a statement
a promise
gratitude
and confession
of what's
near to the heart

//
There will come a moment
and I will know
but until that moment
until that day
I must life as if
it never comes, as if
God is waiting
for me to blink first

// 8.12.2017
Haven't written my poem for the day, gonna play some after Tribe Mars @ Mississippi Pizza. Want also to get down all of the stuff with attraction and desire that Shereen and I worked out last night and the day before, if at all possible.
I am thinking that I am a Storge on the Love Styles or whatever test most? I'm not desire - attracted to Shereen as she is to me. I am attracted to her, and get aroused when we're together, and think about being with her and her lips, but it's different. Or feels different. She's scared I'm settling, that I'll not be fully attracted to her and she'll waste away in that regard, not ever feeling fulfilled or needed. I'm scared of the same, that I'm settling and making Shereen sacrifice that huge part of who she is.
I also notice my fantasies play out like images rather than encounters. My idea of attraction is aesthetic and I can appreciate a good body, but don't go through the same next steps as Shereen with desire and needing to be close in that way. I don't know. I tried a fantasy as an encounter, and it felt profoundly different. Maybe I just need to be away from porn for a bit, explore what it is that I've been given and see how it is that it can and should work. Who knows. Going to explore. We are both hurting and scared, but not hopeless.
Maybe it can work out.

// 27 8.12.2017
riding the wave
seeing each crest
and silky trough
wanting to be nearer

//
my god
I'm afraid
i promise
too much
and my god
i am afraid
of breaking
what good
i do here
and god,
i am unsure
how far i go
and see
the end of these
unceasing miracles
this rain of
bounty on me

// 8.14.2017
Nearing the day Erica leaves, I'm still not sure how I'm processing it, but it's super intense for her.
Got to play with Hot n' Cold with her in the audience, was more excited for that than the party, but the party was fun. Bing, too, it was a big family gathering with a bunch of families. Very welcoming.
I had a moment out the waterfront to do some reflection earlier, but forgot (or chose not to) bring the notebook. I mostly reflected on what I needed to do in order for "I love you" to be said sincerely to more of the people I care about in life. Just now, I also realized that my dynamics with Ana were very much beginning to spiral into something unhealthy. My concerns was outweighing she promise I made to myself to look after her in her post. I want this kind of care to continue, but I also don't want to be her caretaker for life. She also has somethings important to offer the world, and I need to act in accordance with that.
Arianna needs more people to tell her regularly in the day that they love her, and that there are reasonable expectations and hope for her. I see she gets confused often and I think she would do good with some more love and focused specific attention. At least from me.
Now on to the main event, huh?
I'm happy with Shereen, more than that. She calls me out, makes sure the love is flowing both ways. Our relationship, it's going like a dream, it's confirming, encouraging, more than I thought could be possible with me on one end of it. I love her, and it's blossoming out from that. I love, and am loved. A magical experience.

// 28 8.14.2017
i'd said i
would have words
for you, of you
my promise stands
i am here, and
you are both
with me and
still having those
big adventures
my heart returns
to you, when
my reflection
is lit by the bright sun
it's incredible,
i think
more in details
the many interlocking
gears in a clock
that makes my heart
beat so strongly, so
fervently, like time
is marching to my beat
or beat, it's
those details, and
unremarkable blessings
not because they
themselves lack wonder
but it's the rain of
bounty, it's impossible
to count every drop
and so i'll sit and
just enjoy this
sweet rain
fold to my face
and wash away
the day

// erica
i'll make the
post office my
daily temple
if it means that
despite the world
our two islands
always
remain connected

// 8.23.2017
A lot has happened. Lots of vulnerability.
In a week, nearly every night has been spent in safe vulnerability with Shereen. We've been working hard, we've gone from stargazing to talking about our bodies and our future, about our fears and God's love, and about commitment. I want to sit with the commitment part of it, like I'm gonna continue to sit with my anxieties around my penis and Shereen's body. (Tulips have been blossoming, also).
It's connected to a sense I have of still being a child sometimes, or being treated like an incapable adult, which feeds into a fear that I have that I'm not capable and lack the ability to become capable. It's really frustrating. I feel like I always have a lot of work to still do, even while I've been at it. Granted, I have been dropping off significantly on my responsibilities. I should hang out with more dependable people. I should hold myself to the standard I have been, for punctuality & professionalism. I have that capacity in me.
I needed to continue being firm about everything I already know is important. I should continue to forgive myself, and encourage myself to succeed.

// 29 8.23.2017
my heart warm
veil gone,
just love,
now

//
graveyard of
crushes, of
relationships
that I had
hoped would
hold that love
that would
heal me -
they did,
but not
not as much
as I thought

// 8.26.2017
Today's the first Doug Fir show, and the block party. Pretty nervous, still. Don't know how I'll be since I haven't gotten any time today on the keys. My heart mostly is super nervous. I also, unrelated, want to take down the past two weeks with Shereen so I can remember it. I know now that I adjust to the weather of the day, and I need to more understand the climate of my life, where my and others' stories have taken us.
My heart is nervous, as always, about the quality of the performance. I don't entirely feel ready, but I also know these are just two more gigs on a stream of nearly endless gigs and experiences to perform. God will show me what I need, and what I need now is time on my keyboard.
Shereen is wonderful. I'm going to try my best to allow her to feel just as safe as I've felt with her to share things closer to her heart.
Gonna hang with family tomorrow. I love them. On to the great unknown.

// 30 8.26.2017
my life is
my breath, what
courses through my
lungs, giving me
life

//
wanting to commit
but so many different
avenues so interesting
divided, but
not for lack of
caring, but for
lack of being so
rude
choosing just a few

// 8.28.2017
Fifteen minutes to process. Well, less, but I need to think on paper for a bit.
Me an Ana seem to be in a new square. The relationship kinda had to change since I wasn't entirely honest with most of my intentions with her, but we're navigating it back to something less hurtful.
Sheida dinner date tonight, might get to meet her +1, which is wonderful. Super excited to meet this obviously pretty wonderful person.
Daniel and I are handing out for most of this week. Excited for that too, a lot has happened in a year. Can't wait to hang out.
Still sitting a lot with what has been expressed about my cleanliness, by who, I'm not sure. Yesterday was productive and cleaning and purifying, but I don't know. I noticed that at some point cleanliness wasn't a priority for me. Either by who I hang out around or the choices I've made, I've become less clean over the past few months. Less responsible, effective, motivated, selfless. And now, moving into marriage, I feel unsure. Not of Shereen, but of myself. I feel unsure of my capacities and abilities to fulfil the responsibilities of married life, let alone life alone outside of the nest of any other protective structure. I'm scared of failure, of finding myself in another hole where I need to depend on my parents for another four years. I'm afraid of being immature.
I should let myself fail and learn by experience, to be inadequate and let expectations down to a place where I might more realistically keep them. I don't know a lot, and I can still ask many questions.

I shared last night with Shereen that it is a hope of my heart to one day be in a room of loved ones that I have raised or holed raise, or even just family that I dearly love, and reflecting on a life well-lived. Shereen is part of that picture now. She is part of my story, by my choice.
Thank God.

// 31 8.28.2017
for the compass rose
of a life well-lived
you are the direction
of true north

//
love is the
mystery that
understands you,
and unwraps you

// 8.28.2017
More time at Hoyt. Want to think about Shereen's qualities. Specifically, the times I do and don't come up with good things to say, or things she likes to do.
Maybe it's that I don't stretch that muscle often enough with other people, and that by extension it's difficult to apply to her.
Interesting.
I'm also finding I'm quite bored with myself just now. Maybe I need to do some gratitude exercises or something.

// 8.28.2017
Gratitude did do it. Need to make it a regular exercise.
That, meditation and prayer. God willing.
Gonna reflect on porn now, with the added context of our/ me and Shereen's relationship.
Definitely feels different now. Felt different, like I was being more discriminating to find videos to match what we would do. A definitely useful learning tool, but it's the Coolidge effect and the implications of many partners that probably opens up all of that for scrutiny.  Scrutiny as in possibility that it leads to a destruction of the sexual aspects of a relationship.
I need to do more research. Gut says, for me right now, it small doses. I don't know of a longer-term thing to adhere to.

Being here at Daniel's makes me realize how little I know about living on my own, about finding places to live and making them my own. It's good to be with him.
I still have a lot to learn.

// 8.29.2017
Why do I dread the goodbye?
This isn't the first time. We've parted ways before. This time is different. Now I'm the one leaving. Before, it felt like I was being visited, and the visit would end and I knew in the course of time another visit would come. That, and I didn't have to do the final act of leaving. Now I'm the one doing it, with this, and I didn't realize I needed to be prepared on that front.
So now what?
I prepare to leave. Or, more accurately, prepare to visit again. Difficult, but not impossible.
I need to also make big deposits to the love bank. That might be a good thing to bring up, the balances and what not.
Hmmm.

// 32 8.29.2017
catching feelings
like some kinda
catcher reading the
sings of the batter
strike miss and
no connections that matter

//
i know the
course of life
would take me
where i needed
but now feels
different because 
now i gotta
take me
