// 8.31.2017
I feel God's love through tests, yet become suspicious when blessings rain down. I feel scared to feel it all or do something I want to do out of the feat that it's all gonna leave me at some point. That God, just as quickly, will take my oases away. I'm clinging to the opportunities near me? Hmmm. Not as much.
I definitely need to regularly spend time alone and reflect on my own journey. It felt like I was trying to breath through a fan, so much to take in and so much happening that I couldn't and didn't. My heart has been craving this stillness.
And my story.

I thought my heart was ready?
I'm vibing that as the reason for calling and opening up to Shereen as I did. I thought and had the distinct feeling that I was ready for someone like her. I've forgotten that, or have moved somewhere different on it. It feels like my heart is always behind hers, like I'm playing catch-up in those distinct valleys of love. I feel little agency over the speed at which things are going. I've not talked seriously with my own parents in weeks let alone about marriage, let alone with her parents.
I'm not sure, not from doubt, but from lack of certainty. Like, the foundation of the "I love you" promise for me doesn't feel as deep as hers. I don't know what I'm supposed to feel, to do, so I'm looking to her as an example of someone who knows how to feel on this. I don't feel acceptable sharing these feelings or my other lack of bravado and clarity on this.
We feel things different, and that's okay. We do things different, and that's okay. We have different experiences, and I need to acknowledge both of ours in order to live entirely in reality. I've spoken on some things before I was ready. I know what it takes for me to arrive at certainty. I just need to go on that journey and trust it.

// 33 8.31.2017
contemplate
the intensity
of the moon
shifting miles
and miles away
the force of love
on this blue spaceship

//
no offense but
i love solitude
my heart is
God's, always
and what He
gives me in silence
i can give back
that much more

// 9.2.2017
Hmmm. I had something on my heart and I wasn't sure what it was while talking with Shereen.
It might be that when I'm tired and don't give myself enough of a real break to relax and reconnect, I revert. I need to take care of me, too.
I'm nervous for the SC show, and I also don't want to practice while not wanting to not practice. I still haven't accepted it into my reality. It's not as big a thing in terms of confusion or complexity, but I still need to do that work.
Practice needs a shrine again. Something for music and computers too, since I can get disconnected from both. I'm not in as bad a spot as I find myself fearing, but I do know that I have the room and desire to keep going.
Maybe I need a checklist? A bare minimum per-week thing, to make sure needs get met with my many shifting priorities and engagements.
	- Brushing teeth
	- Hair
	- Transcription
	- Solving a coding puzzle, problem
	- Practicing
	etc. It'd be more work to keep it up that it would be to try and figure out what next to do. That's adulting? Maybe.
I need to keep looking ahead, also. Maybe now is time to do the work on marriage.
Might be that I don't entirely trust her supporting me with music or anything else I want to do. I definitely know she wouldn't ask me directly to stop, but I fear for the day when I leave the piano and it's the last time I play for years without realizing it. I fear I go down the same path Dad is on with music, that it's gonna have to take a back seat to what is ultimately more important to our married relationship. I'm still not entirely committed to me being successful musically either, which compounds it. I have trepidation entering the arena for fear of what possibly will hurt her, me, or us.
But with this fear, I manifest the complacency that brings about me putting down music for more important things. Without advocating for myself, I can't really ride my hopes on one day getting magically discovered and put on the road perpetually.
My relationship to music is constant, and I need to act like it by spending regular time to it, with it. My engagement and relationship to it will be my own, and distinct from other models I see. I can pick and choose how I want it to reflect my priorities and goals.
From this, my relationship with Shereen is stronger. I want to talk tomorrow about how we're going to support each other in stuff. I don't even know what I want. It's hard to even think of it. But we should be, so yeah. Tomorrow. 

// 34 9.3.17
nothing quite as
paralyzing as
an open field
and nowhere to go

//
my love is like
some kind of
washed-up island
slowly appearing
over years of
buildup

//

