// 9.3.2017
To work. Tentacle porn. Shame. Guilt. Disappointment. I shouldn't have been caught. Unloved, unloveable. Shame. Why am I so easily tempted? Why do I watch this demeaning and disrespectful stuff? Why can't I can more detached from this?
This feels like something I should always hide. I was still curious, am curious, but don't feel okay showing what it is I've come across and come to. I'm disappointed in my lack of chastity.
I feel disappointed in myself for ever seeing anyone sexually, to doing or suggesting anything like it. Marriage is when I'm supposed to wait, and I couldn't do that!

How now? How do I feel now? How am I weak to temptation if I regularly flirt with it and return to where I was? How am I not chaste when the parts of the relationship I consider most are key and the body?
I'm scared of losing approval from my parents for my actions. My life is circumscribed by approval. I don't refuse because I want to, it's because I know if I accept that my parents will disapprove and be disappointed. I'm angry at them for that? Maybe just indigestion.
I'm disappointed I enjoy it, I feel I should be completely removed from it.
So now the question is, how much do I want to be with all of myself, let alone with all of Shereen?

'I'm disappointed in my lack of chastity' seems to be it. I'm improper, hedonistic, destined to hell. Etc etc etc. How are you even supposed to navigate that dynamic?

// 9.4.2017
Good conversations on it. I've been on quite a journey so far, and definitely here a lot to go still. Chastity is a thing that can help control and direct sexual desire in healthy ways. Definitely don't want to fall into a too easy marriage-like relationship before we've tied the knot, but still. It's okay to desire because it's natural and encouraged.
I was frustrated for most of today. Wasn't able to work, to practice, to do much. But I did make a song start to finish in ~3 hours and repaired my laptop in 4. I learned again what patience with myself and CBT can do to break out of those habits.
We were looking at wedding location ideas and yeah. I'm gonna be both ready and not for that day. Where I stand on it now?
I feel closer to it. I still have work to do have it be yes regardless, but right now, yes. I love her and look forward to spending our lives together.

// 35 9.4.2017
my stack of snippets
phrases of a story
told in stuff,
everywhere

// universe of love
close your eyes
and let them fill
with stars, from a
universe of love

// 36 9.6.2017
a hidden emotion
contradicts itself,
like a sunflower
turns to the sun
to be found

//
hints of love
made explicit
grow magnanimous
and bold

//
Unappreciated and unloved. It feels like everyone that praises me is obliged to like that's the thing they're supposed to do and not what they want to do. That's kind of why it's so much easier now to dodge praise.
