// 9.6.2017
Unappreciated and unloved. It feels like everyone that praises me is obliged to like that's the thing they're supposed to do and not what they want to do. That's kind of why it's so much easier now to dodge praise. I know how to follow it and craft things people like but it never feels sincere when it's directed at me. I see how uncomfortable they are with me and try my hardest to get rid of it. I want someone to appreciate me, and that list of someones is small and practically unreachable. It's maddening.
My heart is tired and needs prayer more than anything else.

// 9.7.2017
Prayer is good, as always. This journal is almost out, so I think now is some good time to reflect and finish it all out.
Right now, I'm at the spot where I was reflecting for a bit on my feelings on attraction and all that when Shereen was here for the beach week (week of 7/24). I'm still feeling good about where we are, just not as situated in time and unsure about my ability to tell our story from the beginning. Still doesn't feel processed entirely.
Last night was opening up on marriage planning. That felt like a good step, and I'm more feeling like an included person on this conversation. It's touch when the different aspects of life feel like you're being pulled in six direction.s
I place on myself the distinct burden of taking initiative and acting in ways I would agree with in many circles. That expectation for excellence is difficult to satisfy  over a period of time without support and confidence that either I am able to do it or by God's grace will be made able to do it. I need to acknowledge that and use that as impetus to continue reflecting and praying.
Looking back over the journal, this one is super dense. It has my story from one end of summer to the next. A lot of the same struggles, but with different words. Overcommitting, sex and desire, living, being okay with where I'm at. It seems my reflections are pointing me to how much work still needs to be done, and how much of it could very well be lifetime work, with me for the next while. Who knows.
Back to NWEA. Finish later? Who knows. God is good.

// 9.9.2017
Marriage. Indelibe union of two souls. Still feel unloved or unloveable sometimes despite my best efforts (are they really?) and that seems to indicate my warmth to the marriage question.
Sex, specifically orgasm. Still strong impulses in me to not orgasm. I have been training that impulse for a while, I do have a fear of being too sensitive in that way and being unsatisfying.
I'm noticing that given the choice I would stay the decision of marriage to anyone. Where is that feeling coming from? I still have reservations about her body and being loveable. I feel weaker than I was in July.
There is a knot of anger in me that is trying to help me control my frustration and alter the course of my life, because it doesn't feel entirely mine. Radio Phoenix calls my gigs. I call when, but my internship calls my hours. School is called by my parents and hours called by the 8 credit minimum and grad. I want to play more music. More good music, I need to practice more frequently and regularly. I need to let my mind to be spoken when it has the chance and I have some idea of what to say.
This feels like I have an idea of what to do next. I feel more ready to love and accept myself and by extension Shereen if I tend to these things and live my life better. Thank God.

// 37 9.9.2017
a young hope
eclipsed by fears
just needs time
and careful nurturing
the brave hope
that destroys fear
must come
from somewhere

//
i'm writing
mostly to not
be nervous
and meet this
new reality
that's come up
and seized me -
just as I had hoped
for all these years

//
And now comes one of the more important times in my life, and more specifically the life of this journal.
I'm sitting on a sunny Wednesday afternoon at the Hoyt Arboretum overlooking some trees on the top of a hill. I'm sitting underneath some pine tree and there are birds and cars singing in the background. Now is the time to say goodbye to the journal.
It's been dense. This summer has been dense, and this journal only sketches at the stuff I felt like processing and going through again. A lot of the same challenges and victories, yet always evolving.

I want to write down how it is I decided recently to be married to Shereen. 9-12. After hearing some of the conversation between my mom and Shereen I was trying to get myself inserted back into it, and mom let me know she wanted to figure out where I was on consent after NWEA (that day). I wanted to know where I was on it, I was still unsure. After my block of work & cleaning Erica's car, I finally got to sitting down and figuring out where I stood on it. I was in some all black, sweaty Bi-Mart looking garb thinking about marriage at the kitchen table.
I was unsure because I didn't know. It felt like everyone else was on some other level of it, like they knew what it was I was supposed to know before I could make a decision either way. Was it something about living on your own? Some maturity thing I didn't have yet that was sorely lacking? I didn't even know what I didn't know, which scared me even more. Would there be a moment 5, 10, 15 years down the line when the love would just disappear and I'd be stuck doing something dishonest? I needed answers and was too stubborn to ask questions.
I realized I needed to detach. Like the first paragraph of the Kitab-i-Iqan, I prayed and was finally alone with God.
I heard:
	Life is short.
	I enjoy spending time with her.
	She keeps good company.
	She is good company.
	She is kind, generous, respectfu, eager
	Not all things can be known and God can guide the rest.

So then it was: do I want to marry her? There was a fly in the house, buzzing and trying t oge out. It sounded like my thoughts. My phone was on the table. If I wanted, grab the phone, I thought. It was impossible. Then, I said, by God's grace, I want to try, and the phone was in my hand.
And that's how it started, huh? I heard a fly, let it out, and picked up my phone.
I love Shereen.
I love God.
