So here's my reflections on where me and Shereen are at, vis a vis attraction.

What the fuck. I'm everywhere - so sure one moment, not as sure the next. I'm not as experienced as she is - I can't give my yes that strongly because I don't know if I'm supposed to.
I feel like I'm doing my normal do and that we're still going to get married, like this is one struggle among many and that I'm still not ready to make that kind of commitment, not in this state. I'm too focused on my week, my day-to-day to be able to take my entire life and existence into context.
I'm not Shereen. I know that attraction is a part for me, but not all of it. I don't care as much about it - I'm not as concerned as she is about it because it's only a part of what I see. It's something that doesn't matter as much to me as the heart or the soul or the character of who she is. I'm feeling like if I keep on this doubt train that I'll make a mistake that destroys our relationship and the magic that it created, and I'm also afraid that if I don't keep on this doubt train, Shereen won't believe me when I come back to her and say that nothing's changed about us.
I enjoy her. I enjoy spending time with her, it's just this new doubt is weighing so hard on me that I'm not able to let go and see her for who she is as well.
Let's listen to the doubt, then. What if we don't end up together and decide to go our own ways? What if I find someone just as amazing (doubtful) and more sexually attractive to me? What then? Could it happen? Maybe. Would it happen? I don't know how likely it actually is. I don't know where my heart is on that, finding room to hypothetically love another person as much as I love her now is tough. There's only room for her right now. What if I eject for a bit and see how it is? (The fear of the bachelor, to never be tied down and always be in the state before choosing to have the maximum number of choices).
There's the encultured part of my heart that's like 'I could marry a scandinavian' which is just as true. Like, I'm not about soulmates or the one person that completes us. Love completes us, we can love anyone. Anyone, with the right set of intersections, can be a life partner just as well. We can grow to better support one another and live lives that are so close to the ideal that we would mistake them for other potential lives we could lead with other people that are also perfectly capable of serving that same function. I'm not that special - I have traits and habits that I've built that are rare to men in this region. I have capabilities from God that are not unique, but are uniquely bestowed to me in different amounts (definitely not as much as my pride may want but exactly what I need). Shereen is not rare, is not special, she also has a series of traits and specialties given uniquely to her that I enjoy. Her soul, her soul is unique. That is something magical that I've forever fallen in love with.

I'm indignant that nothing's changed, in terms of where I'm at. I hurt myself when I try to imagine someone else. That's not something I can do, it's wrong. It doesn't feel good, it doesn't feel right. So I need to consider - what it is that I do feel towards her?
What else besides a spirit of adventure? Of feeling like who this person is, in my life, is unique and particular and special to me and to the world, like this is someone I need to appreciate in order to appreciate existence. Shereen must not read these words, I want them to be uttered in my own chamber. I'll give her a summary, and if/when she's ready to read, she will, but it will be a different Ben that shows her this part of me. The part underneath the water, the part that changes and coalesces and forms the island of my certainties.

Frankly, I don't care as much about the attraction thing. It's something that we will get to a better place with. I don't know who else I would be attracted to on this level with. The body, yes, but like, it's Shereen. It's her eyes, her smile, her joy and her gratitude and her prayers and her kindness and her ability to listen and give wisdom in important things, like it's herway of being and appreciating and living in the world that gives me hope and joy and satisfaction to know that she is someone that I've somehow been able to find and to have been able to get to know better. I just feel like I'm dropping the ball on loving her - like I need this to be my other part part part part time job.
