Shereen Khorami.
I wanted to have words for when we started our beautiful forever together. I wanted for something that would mark the beginning of an eternity of love, of sacrifice, of generosity, of blessings, of thankfulness and of tests. I wanted to demonstrate in those kinds of ways what kind of person I am and what kind of person I would be.
I'm not sure how or when these words are going to get to you, but God will make sure they do at the right time. He has a way of doing things like that.
I want to express how thankful I am as well, even if I'm not good at showing it at times, of us and how we came togehter and continue to be together. Your experience and incredible wisdom, kindness, generosity, graciousness, gracefulness, beauty, eagerness, curiosity, pure-heartedness and life are things I do not take for granted - they are bounties to me and to everyone that is around you. I thank God for you, for making you.
I'm fond of making light or ignoring key facts of life up until they confront me, much like anyone else. I've been fond to do this out of habit, out of the life that surrounds me and teaches me how to survive and flourish in it. Your overflowing kindness and generosity, seemed to me, like something out of life, like a magical alternate dimension where the good qualities of people ae rewarded and the order of life is good. Despite the world, you still choose to exist and move in it with a love and joy that I can't explain, beyond that it is you that has been directly helped by God in your life, and that you wish to help others in a similar way.

I'm reminded of God's love, when I look into you. In your eyes is a pure spark of love, the same love that brings into existence entire worlds created from a wish and casts delicate mirages and dreamscapes from a desire - your love mesmerizes me. It is magic, it is wonderful, it is the lovely thing that keeps finding me and taking me to beautiful places.

I'm convinced at this point that Shereen is an angel sent by God, not to be cast out of heaven, but to bring heaven to earth and illuminate the dirt with an otherwordly love, radiance, kindness, and acceptance. She is unconditional in her curiosities and her love for love itself.

I want to dance forever in the rose garden of your heart, joon bug. I love you.

You are someone that has already meant so much to me, someone that's supported me in a way that I've not been able to say to many people.
You comfort me in a way only a good friend can, only a best friend can.
Only someone so in touch with their own heart that they know how to touch others' with kindness and love.
